README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Ivan Borovyk 👋

## I'm a  Developer, Mentor, Musician!

- 🌱 I’m currently getting master degree in computer science.
- 👯 I’m looking for collaboration with other programers. Feel free to text me.
- 🥅 2024 Goals: Work more with Rust and AI. Build an app with some AI functionality.

---

### My achivements 2023:

- Enroled into CS Master degree course.
- Continue learning Rust. Built several CLI apps and several server apps (including naive microservice app) for learning purpose. Finished Rust Programming Bootcamp.
- Started new fintech project with React. Provided FSD architecture and CI practices.
- Built a new design system based interface for project knowledge base. The components editor/builder will be written for these interface.
- Read a lection about AJAX and web protocalls in Kyiv Polytechnic Institrute.
- Finsihed two courses about algorithms, design patterns and programming paradigms.
- Discovered eficiency of AI usage in proigramming and improve my AI skills and understanding of it.
- Continued private mentoring practice in frontend field.

### My achivements 2022:

- Started working with great team in EPAM
- Improved my programming skills by permanent learning
- Started to implement totally new features and unit tests on the current ptoject
- Learned and fall in love with Rust

### My achivements 2020-2021:

- Took part in developing of social network for musicians, promoters and venues
- Created app for selling airplane tickets
- Contributed code to 2 repositories in the 2020 GitHub Archive Program
- Created a new interface for stickers online shop
- Improved interface and created mobile versions for several old websites
<!-- ### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

[<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />][cssplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sass/sass.png" />][cssplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />][jsplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />][reactplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Gatsby" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/e94815998e4e0713912fed477a1f346ec04c3da2/topics/gatsby/gatsby.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Deno" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/361e2821e2dea67711cde99c9c40ed357061cf27/topics/deno/deno.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />][webdevplaylist]

<br />
<br />

---

### 📺 Latest YouTube Videos

<!-- YOUTUBE:START -->
<!-- YOUTUBE:END -->

<!-- ➡️ [more videos...](https://youtube.com/codestackr) -->

---

<!-- ### 📕 Latest Blog Posts -->

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->



---
<!-- 
<details>
  <summary>:zap: Recent Github Activity</summary>
  
<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

<!-- </details>

<details>
  <summary>:zap: Github Stats</summary>

  <img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr's Github Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.codestackr.vercel.app/api?username=codeSTACKr&show_icons=true&hide_border=true" />

</details> -->
<!-- 
[website]: https://codeSTACKr.com
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/codeSTACKr
[youtube]: https://youtube.com/codeSTACKr
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/codeSTACKr
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/codeSTACKr
[webdevplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrAJ0WbEsFA9W3I1W-g_BTsbt
[jsplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrALRJKu7wfXby3MKeflhTu6B
[cssplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrALSdvZuEh6gqQdmDoDIoqz4
[reactplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrAK4TdffpxKY3QGyHCpxFcQ0 -->

Commit message:

Fix spelling and structure in achievements section
Corrected spelling errors and improved structure in achievements section.

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Ivan Borovyk 👋

## I'm a  Developer, Mentor, Musician!

- 🌱 I’m currently getting master degree in computer science.
- 👯 I’m looking for collaboration with other programers. Feel free to text me.
- 🥅 2024 Goals: Work more with Rust and AI. Build an app with some AI functionality.

---
## My achivements

### 2025:
- Finished the course about Computer Vision and Neural Networks
- Continued improving Rust skills and knowlege. Created some CLI apps, read and practiced Zero to Production book.
- Started to learn embedded programming. Used Arduino and Rust.
- Developed to production a simple web-app for our army division.   

### 2024:
- Helped debugging a big fintech project
- Joined the team of big ecommerce project
- Improved my skills in functional programming
- Joined the Ukraine Army

### 2023:

- Enroled into CS Master degree course.
- Continue learning Rust. Built several CLI apps and several server apps (including naive microservice app) for learning purpose. Finished Rust Programming Bootcamp.
- Started new fintech project with React. Provided FSD architecture and CI practices.
- Built a new design system based interface for project knowledge base. The components editor/builder will be written for these interface.
- Read a lection about AJAX and web protocalls in Kyiv Polytechnic Institrute.
- Finsihed two courses about algorithms, design patterns and programming paradigms.
- Discovered eficiency of AI usage in proigramming and improve my AI skills and understanding of it.
- Continued private mentoring practice in frontend field.

### 2022:

- Started working with great team in EPAM
- Improved my programming skills by permanent learning
- Started to implement totally new features and unit tests on the current ptoject
- Learned and fall in love with Rust

### 2020-2021:

- Took part in developing of social network for musicians, promoters and venues
- Created app for selling airplane tickets
- Contributed code to 2 repositories in the 2020 GitHub Archive Program
- Created a new interface for stickers online shop
- Improved interface and created mobile versions for several old websites
<!-- ### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

[<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />][cssplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sass/sass.png" />][cssplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />][jsplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />][reactplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Gatsby" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/e94815998e4e0713912fed477a1f346ec04c3da2/topics/gatsby/gatsby.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Deno" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/361e2821e2dea67711cde99c9c40ed357061cf27/topics/deno/deno.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />][webdevplaylist]
[<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />][webdevplaylist]

<br />
<br />

---

### 📺 Latest YouTube Videos

<!-- YOUTUBE:START -->
<!-- YOUTUBE:END -->

<!-- ➡️ [more videos...](https://youtube.com/codestackr) -->

---

<!-- ### 📕 Latest Blog Posts -->

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->



---
<!-- 
<details>
  <summary>:zap: Recent Github Activity</summary>
  
<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

<!-- </details>

<details>
  <summary>:zap: Github Stats</summary>

  <img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr's Github Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.codestackr.vercel.app/api?username=codeSTACKr&show_icons=true&hide_border=true" />

</details> -->
<!-- 
[website]: https://codeSTACKr.com
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/codeSTACKr
[youtube]: https://youtube.com/codeSTACKr
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/codeSTACKr
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/codeSTACKr
[webdevplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrAJ0WbEsFA9W3I1W-g_BTsbt
[jsplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrALRJKu7wfXby3MKeflhTu6B
[cssplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrALSdvZuEh6gqQdmDoDIoqz4
[reactplaylist]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkwxH9e_vrAK4TdffpxKY3QGyHCpxFcQ0 -->
